Add option to limit the number of lines used for guessing in io.ascii (#16840)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/io.ascii/16840.perf.rst

> Guessing of table formats when reading is now based by default on the first
> 10000 lines of a file (if it is longer than this). This behavior can be
> configured using the ``astropy.io.ascii.conf.guess_limit_lines`` configuration
> item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The performance of guessing the table format when reading large files with 
``astropy.io.ascii`` has been improved. Now the process uses at most 
10000 lines of the file to check if it matches the format. This behavior can 
be configured using the ``astropy.io.ascii.conf.guess_limit_lines`` 
configuration item, including disabling the limit entirely.
```
